README.md, before:

<img align="center" src="https://i.imgur.com/4ASafy0.png">

<h1 align="center">Hello , I'm Sachin! <span class="wave">👋</span></h1>

I'm Sachin Maurya a Engineering graduate from India.I'm passionate about Security, Open-source, CNCF Projects and Golang.Looking to create cool software and tools to help people and **building a community**.

<!--
**slayer321/slayer321** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:
-->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Go project.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Container security and eBPF.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on some Cool Go project.
- 📫 How to reach me: sachin.maurya7666@gmail.com
- ⚡ Fun fact: When not coding, mostly love watching horrer movies 👻 and doing calisthenics 💪. 

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Profile-informational?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&color=1CA2F1)](https://twitter.com/0x_mantis)
[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-informational?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&color=0D76A8)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sach1nmaurya/)
<a href="https://sach1n.medium.com/" target="_blank"><img alt="Medium" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-%2312100E.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/slayer321?tab=repositories"><img align="center" width="56%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=slayer321&show_icons=true&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&line_height=21&cache_seconds=1800&hide=stars&theme=radical" alt="Sachin's github stats" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/slayer321?tab=repositories"><img align="center" width="41%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=slayer321&layout=compact&langs_count=6&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages"/></a>

Commit message:

update readme with current projects

README.md, after:

<img align="center" src="https://i.imgur.com/4ASafy0.png">

<h1 align="center">Hello , I'm Sachin! <span class="wave">👋</span></h1>

I'm Sachin Maurya a Engineering graduate from India.I'm passionate about Security, Open-source, CNCF Projects and Golang.Looking to create cool software and tools to help people and **building a community**.

<!--
**slayer321/slayer321** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:
-->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Go projects.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about databases and working on building distributed kv database.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on some Cool Go project.
- 📫 How to reach me: sachin.maurya7666@gmail.com
- ⚡ Fun fact: When not coding, mostly love watching horrer movies 👻 and doing calisthenics 💪. 

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Profile-informational?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&color=1CA2F1)](https://twitter.com/0x_mantis)
[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-informational?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&color=0D76A8)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sach1nmaurya/)
<a href="https://sach1n.medium.com/" target="_blank"><img alt="Medium" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-%2312100E.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/slayer321?tab=repositories"><img align="center" width="56%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=slayer321&show_icons=true&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&line_height=21&cache_seconds=1800&hide=stars&theme=radical" alt="Sachin's github stats" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/slayer321?tab=repositories"><img align="center" width="41%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=slayer321&layout=compact&langs_count=6&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages"/></a>
